# 2025

## JOHN DANG

Front-end Web Developer / QA Engineer

3062 Larkin Place

San Diego, CA

(858) 349-5933

\
[hello@johnpdang.com](mailto:hello@johnpdang.com)

[www.johnpdang.com](http://www.johnpdang.com)

***

[https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-p-dang](https://www.linkedin.com/in/john-p-dang)

[https://dribbble.com/johnpdang](https://dribbble.com/johnpdang)

[https://www.behance.net/johnpdang](https://www.behance.net/johnpdang)

***

### EXPERIENCE





Obu Interactive, San Diego

2009 - Current

#### UI/UX Designer

_November 2015 - Present_

• Lead the design process to create intuitive user interface websites.

• Creative direction based off competitive research, data analysis and user & A/B Testing.

• Wireframing and Prototyping with Adobe XD and Sketch.

• Strong focus on SEO site performance utilizing tags, keywords and high quality content.

• Collaborate and interact with team members using a variety of software such as: Asana, Basecamp, Confluence, HipChat, Jira, SalesForce and Slack.

• Update new ideas to sites and organize any new campaign information.

&#x20;&#x20;

#### Frontend Web Developer

_September 2012 - Present_

• Develop and design websites for lawyers and firms primarily using HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery and Bootstrap.

• Manage websites using Version Control, Gulp, Sass, Git, Github and BitBucket.

• Design and build email marketing campaigns using MailChimp and Constant Contact.

• Build responsive websites that work seamlessly across the board on multiple devices ranging from desktop and tablet to mobile devices.

• Update and provide consistent maintenance for clients' WordPress sites, created and applied Google AdWords and analytics to active campaigns.

• Collaborate with marketing team to properly develop, launch and execute digital marketing campaigns and other ongoing SEO projects.

• Setting up backend of the website using Cpanel, PHP and MySQL.

• Creating WordPress themes and plugins using Sublime Text and Atom.

• Extend designs across multiple devices: desktop, tablet and mobile via responsive and native design techniques.&#x20;

• Write, implement and manage new plugins to extend WordPress functionality.&#x20;

\


#### Graphic Designer

&#x20;_July 2009 - September 2012_&#x20;

• Create new User Interface themes on Wordpress.

• Maintain a web style guide for increased productivity and improved results. &#x20;

• Updated and maintained website forms, content and design changes in Wordpress.

• Worked collaboratively with designers, programmers, project managers and content writers to create well-rounded marketable websites, microsites and landing pages.

• Produced templates for easy implementation and faster asset production.

• Created banner ad templates to increase efficiency and decrease production time.&#x20;

\


#### Enker Creative

_2004-Present_

#### &#x20;Independent Freelance Graphic Designer

• Production and design for banner ads, brochures, business cards, flyers, invitations, posters and TV graphics.

• Created website designs, microsites, landing pages.

• Build out static HTML pages, styled in css and maintenance of websites.

• Photo editing designed layouts in Photoshop

• Custom logos from conception to creation with multiple variations.&#x20;

\
\


#### 2004-2008 Ace Parking, San Diego

Valet, Captain

Supervision of other employees, customer relations, organized

parking service, money handling.

\


#### 2002-2007 Beta Omega Phi Fraternity, SDSU

Secretary, Webmaster, Member

Recorded information during meetings, kept track and notified

other members of upcoming fraternity events. Managed fraternity

website, design and update.

\


#### 2003-2004 Fry’s Electronics, San Diego, CA

Computer Sales Associate

Customer relations, inventory control, informal staff training, and

data collection.

***

### EDUCATION

**Art Institute of California, San Diego**

2004-2008&#x20;

Bachelors of Science, Graphic Design

\


**San Diego State University**

2002-2004&#x20;

Courses completed in Computer Science

***

### TECHNICAL SKILLS

Design

UI design

UX best practices

Graphic Design

Logo Design

Adobe Creative Suite

Photoshop

Illustrator

InDesign

Adobe XD

Sketch

Wireframing

Prototyping

\


Front-End Development

HTML5

CSS3

SASS

Responsive Design

JavaScript

jQuery

PHP

MySQL

Wordpress

Git

\


Branding

Identity

Typography

Iconography

\


Facebook Ad Manager

Google Adwords and Analytics

Microsoft Office

Slack

Jira

Asana

Basecamp

MailChimp

Constant Contact

\


• Knowledge of multiple platforms (PC and MAC)

• Co-operative colleague and productive team member

• Strong communication skills

• Excellent organizational skills

• Ability to multi-task

• Strong background in layout, typography, and design

• Skilled at presenting technical and abstract concepts in a clear and concise way

• Proficient with web-based coding

***

### SUMMARY

Multidisciplinary designer based in San Diego, California with a demonstrated history of working in the marketing and advertising industry. Having a strong technical background with a Bachelor of Science degree in Graphic Design, I'm skilled in Wireframing, Branding & Identity, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and WordPress. Highly conceptual with a good sense for practicality. I'm greatly motivated with an open mind for improvement, constantly challenge myself to learn new skills and technologies to create straightforward, usable, and enjoyable user experiences.



Let's work on some projects together!\
\
–\


Traina Design, San Diego February 2019 - December 2022

\


• Lead the design process to create intuitive user interface websites.

• Creative direction based off competitive research, data analysis, and A/B Testing.

• Wireframing and Prototyping with Adobe XD and Sketch.

• Focus on SEO site performance utilizing tags, keywords, and high quality content.

• Collaborate and interact with team members using a variety of software such as: Asana,&#x20;

Basecamp, Confluence, HipChat, Jira, SalesForce, and Slack.

• Update new ideas to sites and organize new campaign information in house database.

\
\
\


Obu Interactive, San Diego July 2009 - October 2018\


• Lead the design process to create intuitive user interface websites.

• Creative direction based off competitive research, data analysis, and A/B Testing.

• Wireframing and Prototyping with Adobe XD and Sketch.

• Focus on SEO site performance utilizing tags, keywords, and high quality content.

• Collaborate and interact with team members using a variety of software such as: Asana,&#x20;

Basecamp, Confluence, HipChat, Jira, SalesForce, and Slack.

• Update new ideas to sites and organize new campaign information in house database.

\


• Develop and design websites for lawyers and firms primarily using HTML5, CSS3,&#x20;

JavaScript, jQuery, and Bootstrap.

• Manage websites using Version Control, Gulp, Sass, Git, Github, and BitBucket.

• Design and build email marketing campaigns using MailChimp and Constant Contact.

• Build responsive websites that work seamlessly across the board on multiple devices&#x20;

ranging from desktop and tablet to mobile devices.

• Update and provide consistent maintenance for clients' WordPress sites, created and&#x20;

applied Google AdWords and Analytics to active campaigns.

\


• Create new user interface themes on Wordpress.

• Production and design for banner ads, brochures, business cards, flyers, and advertisment graphics.

• Maintain a web style guide for increased productivity and improved results. &#x20;

• Updated and maintained website forms, content, and design changes in Wordpress.

• Worked collaboratively with designers, programmers, project managers, and content&#x20;

writers to create well-rounded marketable websites, microsites, and landing pages.
